feat: add 2023-11-01 (#23)
OmnicodeSolutions/worklog-luisa: content/blog/2023-11-01.md

+++
title = "2023-11-01"
date = 2023-11-01
+++

---

Today is Wednesday, day 305 of 365 (83.56%). We're in week 44 of 52 (84.61%).

## Planning

What I am going to do today: 

- [ ] [make Django Rest Framework (DRF) tutorial](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/)

## Activities executed

Today I did the [Quickstart](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/tutorial/quickstart/) part of the DRF tutorial, but I wasn't able to go further in the exercise because the pages wouldn't load.

I did some pre-programming with Maurício on a real world Django application.

I also studied a little about [google_sign_in Flutter plugin](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in).

## Learnings

> Today I learned about API's and a little of how to use Django do create one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today I learned about APIs and a little of how to use Django to create one.
```
